30/09/2020 21:47:37
Logo was vectorized/redrawn by Grmike using CorelDraw. It is based on a lower quality bitmap/png images found at http://www.mzweb.com.br/AmBev2009/web/arquivos/3Q10Release_20101102_Pt.pdf replacing the bitmap version used with a higher quality one that can be used across wikipedias.

This file contains additional information such as Exif metadata which may have been added by the digital camera, scanner, or software program used to create or digitize it. If the file has been modified from its original state, some details such as the timestamp may not fully reflect those of the original file. The timestamp is only as accurate as the clock in the camera, and it may be completely wrong.
30/09/2020 21:47:37
Ambev, formally Companhia de Bebidas das Américas ("Americas' Beverage Company" in English, hence the "Ambev" abbreviation), is a Brazilian brewing company now merged into Anheuser-Busch InBev. It was created on July 1, 1999, with the merger of two breweries, Brahma and Antarctica. The merger was approved by the board of directors of the Brazilian Administrative Council for Economic Defense (CADE) on March 30, 2000. The headquarters are in São Paulo, Brazil. It is the largest Brazilian company by market capitalization, and the third-largest in the Southern hemisphere.

Ambev operates in 14 countries in the Americas and its products include beers such as Antarctica, Bogotá Beer Company, Brahma, Bohemia, Skol, Stella Artois and soft drinks like Guaraná Antarctica, Soda Antarctica, Sukita and the innovations H2OH! and Guarah. The largest PepsiCo bottler outside the United States, it sells and distributes PepsiCo products in Brazil and other Latin American countries, includes Pepsi, Lipton Ice Tea and Gatorade by franchise agreement. According to an analyst at Share Market Updates in October 2016, the company operates "through Latin America North, Latin America South, and Canada segments. It offers beers primarily under the Skol, Brahma, and Antarctica brands. The company also provides carbonated soft drinks, bottled water, isotonic beverages, energy drinks, and ready-to-drink teas under the Guaraná Antarctica, Guaraná Antarctica Black, Gatorade, H2OH!, Lipton Iced Tea, Fusion, Monster, Red Rock, Pepsi-Cola, and Seven Up brands."[citation needed]

In 2004, Ambev merged with Belgian company Interbrew to form InBev. In 2016, InBev merged with American company Anheuser-Busch to form Anheuser-Busch InBev.[2] Ambev S.A. is currently a subsidiary of Interbrew International B.V., which is in turn a subsidiary of Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV.[3]
30/09/2020 21:47:37
A Ambev é a maior cervejaria da América Latina. É controlada pela AB InBev, companhia de bebidas que tem os brasileiros Jorge Paulo Lemann, Marcel Telles e Carlos Alberto Sicupira entre seus principais sócios.

A Ambev está presente em 17 países das Américas, além do Brasil, e é líder em cinco deles: Argentina, Canadá, Uruguai, Bolívia e Paraguai. Além de ter ações listadas na B3, que integram o Ibovespa, tem ADRs negociadas na Bolsa de Nova York (NYSE).

Seu portfólio inclui marcas como Skol, Brahma, Antarctica e Budweiser. No segmento de bebidas não alcoólicas, os destaques são o refrigerante Guaraná Antarctica e a bebida energética Fusion. A companhia também tem licença para fabricar, vender e distribuir produtos da PepsiCo.

Ainda que seja uma das maiores empresas de capital aberto do Brasil, a Ambev tem sofrido com a crise econômica e também com as mudanças de hábito do consumidor. Mais brasileiros começaram a se interessar por cervejas artesanais e produtos regionais. Como consequência, a Ambev vem trabalhando para ampliar seu portfólio.

Sua maior concorrente é a holandesa Heineken, que adquiriu a Brasil Kirin (dona das marcas Devassa, Schin, Eisenbahn e outras) em 2017.
